README.md, before:

<p align="center">
    <a href="https://tryshape.vercel.app/">
        <img src="https://res.cloudinary.com/atapas/image/upload/v1624866501/demos/tryshape_xpzie7.png" alt="logo" width="125"/>
    </a>
<p/>

<h4 align="center">Create, Export, Share, and Use any Shapes of your choice.</h4>

<p align="center">
<a href="https://github.com/TryShape/tryshape/blob/master/LICENSE" target="blank">
<img src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/TryShape/tryshape?style=flat-square" alt="tryshape licence" />
</a>
<a href="https://github.com/TryShape/tryshape/fork" target="blank">
<img src="https://img.shields.io/github/forks/TryShape/tryshape?style=flat-square" alt="tryshape forks"/>
</a>
<a href="https://github.com/TryShape/tryshape/stargazers" target="blank">
<img src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/TryShape/tryshape?style=flat-square" alt="tryshape stars"/>
</a>
<a href="https://github.com/TryShape/tryshape/issues" target="blank">
<img src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues/TryShape/tryshape?style=flat-square" alt="tryshape issues"/>
</a>
<a href="https://github.com/TryShape/tryshape/pulls" target="blank">
<img src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr/TryShape/tryshape?style=flat-square" alt="tryshape pull-requests"/>
</a>
<a href="https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Check%20this%20amazing%20app%20https://tryshape.vercel.app/,%20created%20by%20@tapasadhikary%20and%20friends%0A%0A%23DEVCommunity%20%23100DaysOfCode%20%23tryshape"><img src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/url?label=Share%20on%20Twitter&style=social&url=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2FTryShape%2Ftryshape"></a>

</p>

<p align="center">
    <a href="https://tryshape.vercel.app/" target="blank">View Demo</a>
    ·
    <a href="https://github.com/TryShape/tryshape/issues/new/choose">Report Bug</a>
    ·
    <a href="https://github.com/TryShape/tryshape/issues/new/choose">Request Feature</a>
</p>

## Introducing TryShape 
`TryShape` is an opensource platform to create shapes of your choice using a simple, easy-to-use interface. You can create banners, circles, polygonal shapes, export them as SVG, PNG, and even as CSS.

## Demo
TBA

## What's In TryShape
`TryShape` comes with a bundle of features to give your creativity a shape. You can do the followings with TryShape,
### Create Shapes
- Create a any shape using an intuitive editor.
- Create Polygonal, Circular, Elliptical shapes without knowing the underlying complexities like CSS clip-path.
- Add/Remove vertices, join them, drag-drop to position them to create a shape.
- Provide your choice of colors, add the contextual information as notes while creating the shapes.
- Are you an expert in CSS clip-path? Great, you can add a clip-path value directly and start from there.

### Controlling the Visibility of Shapes
- You can create a shape and share with the TryShape community by making it public.
- Do you want to keep your creativity private? No worries, that's possible too.

### Like Shapes
- Liked a shape and want to to add it to your shape collection? You can do that just with a click. Want to undo? That's supported as well.

### Export Shapes
- Export the shapes to use in your application.
- Export the shapes as PNG, JPEG, and SVG files.
- Single-Click Copy of the undering CSS and clip-path proprty to use directly into your webapp.

### Search Shapes
- Search a shape with key-in search.

### Sort Shapes
- Sort shapes by, most liked, recent, and oldest.
### Authentication & Authorization
- Features like export, like, create, edit shapes need you to autheticate with the app. You can use your Gmail or GitHub credntials to authenticate to the app. It is secured and powered by Google Firebase.

## How to Set up TryShape for Development?
TBA

## Upcoming Features
`TryShape` has all the potentials to grow further. Here are some of the upcoming features planned,

- Add the ability to create shape using SVG elements.
- Manage your shape collection.
- Import shapes.
- PWA(Progressive Web App)
- Accessibility improvements
- Flxible Datastore
- Better Performance

## Contributions
TBA

Commit message:

feat: More updates to Readme

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
    <a href="https://tryshape.vercel.app/">
        <img src="https://res.cloudinary.com/atapas/image/upload/v1624866501/demos/tryshape_xpzie7.png" alt="logo" width="125"/>
    </a>
<p/>

<h4 align="center">Create, Export, Share, and Use any Shapes of your choice.</h4>

<p align="center">
<a href="https://github.com/TryShape/tryshape/blob/master/LICENSE" target="blank">
<img src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/TryShape/tryshape?style=flat-square" alt="tryshape licence" />
</a>
<a href="https://github.com/TryShape/tryshape/fork" target="blank">
<img src="https://img.shields.io/github/forks/TryShape/tryshape?style=flat-square" alt="tryshape forks"/>
</a>
<a href="https://github.com/TryShape/tryshape/stargazers" target="blank">
<img src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/TryShape/tryshape?style=flat-square" alt="tryshape stars"/>
</a>
<a href="https://github.com/TryShape/tryshape/issues" target="blank">
<img src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues/TryShape/tryshape?style=flat-square" alt="tryshape issues"/>
</a>
<a href="https://github.com/TryShape/tryshape/pulls" target="blank">
<img src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr/TryShape/tryshape?style=flat-square" alt="tryshape pull-requests"/>
</a>
<a href="https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Check%20this%20amazing%20app%20https://tryshape.vercel.app/,%20created%20by%20@tapasadhikary%20and%20friends%0A%0A%23DEVCommunity%20%23100DaysOfCode%20%23tryshape"><img src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/url?label=Share%20on%20Twitter&style=social&url=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2FTryShape%2Ftryshape"></a>

</p>

<p align="center">
    <a href="https://tryshape.vercel.app/" target="blank">View Demo</a>
    ·
    <a href="https://github.com/TryShape/tryshape/issues/new/choose">Report Bug</a>
    ·
    <a href="https://github.com/TryShape/tryshape/issues/new/choose">Request Feature</a>
</p>

## Introducing TryShape 
`TryShape` is an opensource platform to create shapes of your choice using a simple, easy-to-use interface. You can create banners, circles, polygonal shapes, export them as SVG, PNG, and even as CSS.

## Demo
TBA

## What's In TryShape
`TryShape` comes with a bundle of features to give your creativity a shape. You can do the followings with TryShape,
### Create Shapes
- Create any shapes using an intuitive editor.
- Create Polygonal, Circular, Elliptical shapes without knowing the underlying complexities like CSS clip-path.
- Add/Remove vertices, join them, drag-drop to position them to create a shape.
- Provide your choice of colors, add the contextual information as notes while creating the shapes.
- Are you an expert in CSS clip-path? Great, you can add a clip-path value directly and start from there.

### Controlling the Visibility of Shapes
- You can create a shape and share with the TryShape community by making it public.
- Do you want to keep your creativity private? No worries, that's possible too.

### Like Shapes
- Liked a shape and want to to add it to your shape collection? You can do that just with a click. Want to undo? That's supported as well.

### Export Shapes
- Export the shapes to use in your application.
- Export the shapes as PNG, JPEG, and SVG files.
- Single-Click Copy of the undering CSS and clip-path proprty to use directly into your webapp.

### Search Shapes
- Search a shape with key-in search.

### Sort Shapes
- Sort shapes by, most liked, recent, and oldest.
### Authentication & Authorization
- Features like export, like, create, edit shapes need you to autheticate with the app. You can use your Gmail or GitHub credntials to authenticate to the app. It is secured and powered by `Google Firebase`.

## How to Set up TryShape for Development?
TBA

## Upcoming Features
`TryShape` has all the potentials to grow further. Here are some of the upcoming features planned(not in any order),

- Add the ability to create shape using SVG elements to support Curvy Node adjustments.
- Manage your shape collection
- Show Trending shapes
- Import shapes
- Following a contributor.
- PWA(Progressive Web App)
- Accessibility improvements
- Flexible Datastore
- Better Performance
- Tagging a shape
- Provide comment on a shape.
- More authetication mechanisms like twitter, facebook, etc.

If you find something is missing, `TryShape` is listening. Please create a feature request [from here](https://github.com/TryShape/tryshape/issues/new/choose).

## Contributions
TBA
